fix: update external keycloak for 8.8 (#6868)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/installation-methods/helm/configure/using-external-keycloak.md

---
id: using-external-keycloak
sidebar_label: External Keycloak
title: Helm chart external Keycloak usage
description: "Learn how to use an external Keycloak instance in Camunda 8 Self-Managed deployment."
---

> Camunda 8 Self-Managed has two different types of applications: Camunda applications (Orchestration cluster, Connectors, Optimize etc.) and non-Camunda applications (such as Keycloak and Elasticsearch). For more details, review the [architecture](../../../about-self-managed.md#architecture) documentation for more information on the different types of applications.
> 
> This guide steps through using an external Keycloak instance, which is part of [Management Identity](/self-managed/components/management-identity/overview.md). By default, [Helm chart deployment](../install.md) creates a new Keycloak instance, but it's possible to use an external Keycloak instance either inside the same Kubernetes cluster or outside of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Helm chart deployment](/self-managed/installation-methods/helm/install.md) can optionally install an internal Keycloak instance using [Bitnami subcharts](../../configure/registry-and-images/install-bitnami-enterprise-images.md). For production environments, we advise deploying a external Keycloak or any other OIDC provider separately from the Camunda Helm charts. This guide steps through using an external Keycloak instance.
```
